Improved support for custom configs in data tests (#5679)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

[^*] The official release date for this new format of release notes is May 15th, 2024. Historical release notes for prior dates may not reflect all available features released earlier this year or their tenancy availability. 

## July 2024

> - **Enhancement:** Custom configurations are now supported by generic data tests. Use this to configure how dbt should run the data test (for example, specifying the virtual warehouse characteristics to use). To learn more, refer to [Specify custom configurations for generic data tests](/reference/data-test-configs#specify-custom-configurations-for-generic-data-tests).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Enhancement:** Custom configurations are now supported by generic data tests. Use this to configure how dbt should run the data test (for example, specifying a Snowflake virtual warehouse different from the one in your connection). To learn more, refer to [Specify custom configurations for generic data tests](/reference/data-test-configs#specify-custom-configurations-for-generic-data-tests).
```

> - **Enhancement:** Custom configurations are now supported by generic data tests. Use this to configure how dbt should run the data test (for example, defining specific charactistics of the virtual warehouse). To learn more, refer to [Specify custom configurations for generic data tests](/reference/data-test-configs#specify-custom-configurations-for-generic-data-tests).

Author: ```suggestion
- **Enhancement:** Custom configurations are now supported by generic data tests. Use this to configure how dbt should run the data test (for example, specifying the virtual warehouse characteristics to use). To learn more, refer to [Specify custom configurations for generic data tests](/reference/data-test-configs#specify-custom-configurations-for-generic-data-tests).
```

>   Support for this is currently available in dbt Cloud only. Specifying custom configurations for data tests will become available in dbt Core later this year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for this configuration is available in dbt Cloud when selecting "Keep on latest version." Specifying custom configurations for data tests will become available in dbt Core later this year.
```
